React Toolbar content and feedback updates (#220)
patternfly/training-scenarios: react-components/toolbar-filter/step3.md

> Toolbar groups are used to group sets of like items to create desired associations and to enable items to respond together to changes in viewport width. A `DataToolbarGroup` is passed an optional prop `variant` to format particular types of groups of elements such as filter groups, button groups, or icon button groups.

Author: um... the concept of Toolbar groups is not introduced until this step. They are a subset of Toolbars and I assumed the intro would be more of a place to introduce the concept and purpose of the overall Toolbar, not a small aspect of the toolbar such as the toolbar groups.

This step will group `DataToolbarItem` components into `DataToolbarGroup` components and apply appropriate `variant` props.

1) **Locate the following two `DataToolbarItems` containing `CheckBoxSelect` components:**

<pre class="file">
&lt;DataToolbarItem&gt;
  &lt;CheckboxSelect
    onSelect={this.onSelect}
    type=&quot;Status&quot;
    selections={filters.status}
    options={statusOptions}
  /&gt;
&lt;/DataToolbarItem&gt;
&lt;DataToolbarItem&gt;
  &lt;CheckboxSelect
    onSelect={this.onSelect}
    type=&quot;Risk&quot;
    selections={filters.risk}
    options={riskOptions}
  /&gt;
&lt;/DataToolbarItem&gt;
</pre>

> 2) **Wrap both the `DataToolbarItem` components containing the `CheckboxSelect` filters in the same `DataToolbarGroup` component**

Reviewer: Its a little confusing as to whether to wrap both components in DataToolbarGroup or use one wrapper around both.

```suggestion
2) **Wrap both the `DataToolbarItem` components containing the `CheckboxSelect` filters in one `DataToolbarGroup` component**
```

> 3) **Add the prop `variant="filter-group"` to the newly added `DataToolbarGroup`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) **Add the prop `variant="filter-group"` to the `DataToolbarGroup` added in step 2**
```

This will space the two `CheckboxSelect` components according to the PatternFly design specifications. 

Once completed, the code should appear as below.

<pre class="file">
&lt;DataToolbarGroup variant=&quot;filter-group&quot;&gt;
  &lt;DataToolbarItem&gt;
    &lt;CheckboxSelect
      onSelect={this.onSelect}
      type=&quot;Status&quot;
      selections={filters.status}
      options={statusOptions}
    /&gt;
  &lt;/DataToolbarItem&gt;
  &lt;DataToolbarItem&gt;
    &lt;CheckboxSelect
      onSelect={this.onSelect}
      type=&quot;Risk&quot;
      selections={filters.risk}
      options={riskOptions}
    /&gt;
  &lt;/DataToolbarItem&gt;
&lt;/DataToolbarGroup&gt;
</pre>

4) **Locate the following three `DataToolbarItems` containing icons:**

<pre class="file">
&lt;DataToolbarItem&gt;
  &lt;Button variant=&quot;plain&quot;&gt;
    &lt;EditIcon /&gt;
  &lt;/Button&gt;
&lt;/DataToolbarItem&gt;
&lt;DataToolbarItem&gt;
  &lt;Button variant=&quot;plain&quot;&gt;
    &lt;CloneIcon /&gt;
  &lt;/Button&gt;
&lt;/DataToolbarItem&gt;
&lt;DataToolbarItem&gt;
  &lt;Button variant=&quot;plain&quot;&gt;
    &lt;SyncIcon /&gt;
  &lt;/Button&gt;
&lt;/DataToolbarItem&gt;
</pre>

> 5) **Wrap three adjacent `DataToolbarItem` components containing icons in the same `DataToolbarGroup` component**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5) **Wrap the three adjacent `DataToolbarItem` components containing icons in one `DataToolbarGroup` component**
```

> 6) **Add the prop `variant="icon-button-group"` to the most recently added `DataToolbarGroup`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6) **Add the prop `variant="icon-button-group"` to the `DataToolbarGroup` component added in step 5**
```
